you guys may or may not remember there
was a controversy just a few years ago
in the mainstream newspapers discussing
the possibility of whether or not
Ibrahim Lincoln might have been gay
whether or not Abraham Lincoln might
have been homosexual and a lot of the
kind of shallow discussion of this this
theory basically boil down to people
saying oh no no no no he was a president
the United States therefore it's
impossible I remember looking into it
although there was some basis for the
rumor that Abraham Lincoln was gay if
you actually bothered to do all the
reading my conclusion in the end was no
it's it's kind of a misinterpretation of
slang from that period that no I don't
actually think Abraham Lincoln was it
was homosexual but be that as it may we
really need two different words in the
English language we need a word for
cynicism and then we need a word for
phony cynicism because in response to
these kinds of allegations what a lot of
people pretend is that they're so well
informed and so so cynical that they
couldn't ever believe or take seriously
you know a crazy conspiracy theory about
this why why would it be a crazy theory
that Abraham Lincoln was gay some people
are gay like not really that surprising
in this case I don't believe the
evidence I think he was great but
whatever some new evidence comes help so
what maybe I'm wrong I mean he was gay I
don't mind but you know um there's a
strange kind of phony cynicism that
comes out especially when we're talking
about politics at the elite level and
these same people who seem flabbergasted
who seem quote-unquote cynical when he
suggested them that Bill Clinton was
someone who profited from the cocaine
industry that Bill Clinton had
extramarital affair wasn't covered up
these extramarital affairs would they
really be so shocked would they be so
flabbergasted if we were talking about
the leader of Russia if we were talking
about the leader of Indonesia Egypt who
talked about political leaders in Mexico
and we sell yeah there's this political
leader in Mexico but you know he got
mixed up in the cocaine trafficking and
you you wouldn't be quote-unquote
cynical about it at all you'd be open to
considering the evidence okay really
all right let's let's look at the facts
oh why would it be far-fetched or
implausible or ridiculous for people to
put forward the theory and put forward
evidence that early in his career Bill
Clinton was connected to some really
serious financial crimes put it that way
and that these financial crimes
ultimately trace back to the cocaine
trafficking industry this was in the
period of time when Bill Clinton was
governor of Arkansas a new witness has
come forward just in the last two years
as I understand the timeline he's now
over 60 years old his name is billy jack
haynes and he has been going to go on
the record and provide new a new
perspective new testimony on bill
clinton's involvement in cocaine
trafficking in those years and he's been
willing to do so even though there's
some possibility that he will go to
prison now for accessory to murder
there's a pretty well known slaying of
two teenage boys two teenage boys who
were killed in arkansas during Bill
Clinton's period in office and there has
always been debate about the extent to
which Bill Clinton was involved with
those killings what is not debatable is
Bill Clinton's involvement in
obfuscating the investigation of the
murderer after the fact so books have
been written about this there have been
many court cases inquiries and lawsuits
after these two boys were killed and
this is a little bit more like the RFK
murder rather than the JFK murder it's
true of both very often the easiest part
of the government conspiracy to prove is
what happens after this
fascination because the authorities are
doing things that only the authorities
can do there's no possibility that it's
the Mafia or organized crime doing these
things you know what the coroner's
office is doing and the coroner's office
working in conjunction with the
governor's office and the Chief of
Police nobody else really can be
responsible for these things in this
instance talking about these two boys
these two teenage boys who were killed
nobody really could be responsible other
than Bill Clinton for what happened
after the fact so that was known that
was well documented that was talked
about for decades
the parents of the boys that were killed
they have always been keeping the
pressure up and then we have a man who
comes forward and he says he was there
he was an unwilling participant in the
murder of these two boys and he
describes the scene that many people
have long suspected I guess you could
say no one could prove it definitively
but I don't know I'd feel bad saying
that I think honestly that anyone who
did really just an investigation of the
accountant investigation of the numbers
of what was going on financial
transactions that time that the clintons
were involved in I think there was there
was enough evidence of very serious
criminal activity on Bill Clinton's part
by the way this is eyewitness accounts
pulls all the pieces together and he
confirms that yes the reason why these
two boys were killed was that they were
witnesses to a cocaine trafficking
shipment that took place they were
discovered under strange circumstances
by the guys who were involved in this
shipment and he confirms that Bill
Clinton's voice was on the phone by
cellphone at that time right up to and
including the murder of these kids he
confirms that Bill Clinton very directly
stage-managed
this shipment of cocaine now some of you
might revert to what I've just been
described
as phony cynicism you might say well
this sounds ridiculous
why why why it sounds ridiculous for the
same reason that it seems ridiculous
from FAC
to suggest that Abraham Lincoln was
homosexual or gay like well he was a
president the United States therefore he
couldn't possibly uh what do you mean I
have some attachment here
you think presidents the United States
aren't human being is like anyone else
do you think they don't have a desire
isn't a human heart and whatever some of
them are gonna be born gay
some of them gonna be tragically
heterosexual it's neither there the idea
that Bill Clinton because of what he
ended up accomplishing in politics could
not have possibly involved in this kind
of criminal activity ruin his career
it's worse than I Eve it's not just
stupid or shizune it really is a kind of
kind of phony cynicism I don't have uh I
don't have a better word for it the
involvement of the CIA and the US
government in cocaine trafficking very
much evolved as a sequel to their
involvement in heroin trafficking so to
give you the history the historical
political context for this pretty
briefly the British Empire really
invented the international trafficking
in heroin as a way to fund their global
empire now I'm sorry I said heroin
technically it's opium opium and heroin
are two different forms of the same drug
today in modern slang we treat them as
if they're the same thing they are not
actually exactly the same drug but they
come from the same plant from the same
type of flower or the same type of poppy
all right the British Empire created a
new form of evil in this world when they
decided that their military occupation
of India would be funded would be paid
for by the inhabitants
Indiana not by the taxpayers of the
United Kingdom of England Scotland and
Wales how could they possibly accomplish
this well they tried several different
buffoonish methods to try to make
imperialism pay none of them worked
let go well we'll farm indigo will force
them to buy imported the salt will force
them to buy him imported cotton and
cloth made in factories in Scotland none
of these schemes worked the scheme that
worked was opium trafficking and the
Queen of England became the world's most
successful dope dealer overnight opium
finally did for the British Empire
what gold and silver never could other
empires became very wealthy through gold
and silver the Spanish in Mexico they
started off looking for gold in the new
world but it really ended up being
silver rather than gold they made money
out of both the Portuguese and the
Spanish out in East Asia Portuguese
primarily the silver trade there the
spice trade the Spice Islands that's a
different story but for the British it
was beavers in Canada and it was opium
in India that they made their fortune
the French the French Empire then tried
to imitate this in Vietnam the extent to
which the French colonial project in
Vietnam was an imitation of India heezy
impart betokened or symbolized by the
fact that they chose to name their
colony in Vietnam
Indochina Indochina was a term meant to
encompass a greater Vietnam Vietnam
Cambodia Laos as much land as the French
could control the Vietnamese themselves
always hated and resented the term
Indochina and got rid of it as soon as
they could
what does Indochina mean it's the
strategic location halfway in between
India and China and the French attempted
to fund their colonial enterprise
through opium trafficking imitating the
British directly the French failed when
the French finally withdrew from
Vietnam when the French gave up and said
we quit were going home they took their
dope-dealing operation and they handed
it over directly to American
intelligence agents that ended up being
taken over by the CIA strictly
chronologically speaking at that time it
was not yet the CIA they either handed
over to the OSS or the Pentagon but a
couple years later the CIA was formed
CIA took over dope-dealing in Vietnam so
this was actually how the idea of
American intelligence agencies engaging
in international drug trafficking really
doubly the seed was planted and then the
idea bloomed now in terms of what
political scientists say like university
educated experts in policy in terms of
what they say about this it's very
strange that they tend to skip over the
fact that there are tens of millions of
dollars involved here I think very very
few people actually read the
congressional inquiries into the CIA
history of drug dealing because these
are not rumors these are not conspiracy
theories these are very well established
facts that the Senate and Congress have
addressed many many times the
involvement of American authorities in
trafficking drugs into the United States
and trafficking drugs around the world
to fund their to fund their empire just
like the British Empire in the French
Empire ultimately that's what it's about
academics will tend to jump over the
fact that there were tens of millions of
dollars involved a long tens of billions
dollars per transaction in many cases
and the one of focus on some kind of
more nebulous political motivation for
this I remember getting a lecture from
one guy this is at my university at
University of Toronto he was giving this
lecture about how somehow like the CIA's
involvement in in cocaine and heroin
trafficking like it was motivated by a
desire to make sure that the money was
laundered through the American Stock
Exchange so that the American economy
would you know
there are a lot of people who try to
portray it I mean for example in the the
case of the iran-contra affair they try
to construe the drug-dealing as if it's
justified by or necessitated by you know
the secret operations black ops is
something they try to find some
motivation that's more heroic than these
people did it because there were tens of
millions of dollars and you know as if
as if these people really sincerely
believed that trafficking and cocaine
and heroin was the only way to beat
communism or was the only way to carry
out American foreign policy objectives
in Iran or Nicaragua or something it's a
joke look guys we're talking about tens
of millions of dollars most human beings
couldn't be motivated by the tens of
millions dollars and that's about it
the involvement of a bizarre miscellany
of historical figures in the United
States in the transshipment and
distribution of CIA dope CIA cocaine
unless you stick with cocaine for this
video whether or not that's directly
part of iran-contra from Colombia or
from other sources more and more of
those people now in 2019 are coming on
YouTube and giving interviews more of
more more than they've been to prison
they've gotten out of prison and they've
never written an autobiography given
interviews given something the overall
constellation of ambitious people who
took advantage of the once-in-a-lifetime
opportunity to make millions of dollars
not by colluding with career criminals
but by colluding with government
authorities in committing a crime the
picture of that has been more and more
filled in in its details just in the
last say 10 or 15 years but in principle
all of these things have been known to
people care about politics since the
1970s to quote ODB this ain't something
new
that just came out of nowhere so when we
study history we partly learn about new
facts in old contexts let's put it that
way so ya listening to the story from
billy jack haynes i learned some new
things set in the past things you know
obviously but it also is a strange
moment to reflect on who you are and how
you've changed you discover yourself in
the study of history i think more and
more the older you get I was intensely
aware of how different my perception was
of all these facts about Bill Clinton
how differently I perceive that now than
I would have perceived it back in the
year 1997 of the year 2001 my sense of
what's normal in the conduct of
authority and an abuse abuse of
authority and how people in power really
do reach out to and work with and come
to rely on um thugs and it can be fairly
said that billy jack haynes was a thug
he was a thug in the drug industry uh
the cocaine smuggling and distribution
industry and he ended up strangely
enough doing favors for someone in a
position of tremendous power and
influence like Bill Clinton back when he
was the governor of Arkansas my feeling
now and looking back on this history and
in some ways again just having having
the story I already knew confirmed the
story I already knew in its outlines
having certain gaps filled in and in
looking back again at a story hadn't
thought about for many many years
how often today does anyone really talk
about iran-contra and its implications
for the whole development of the mass
drug addiction culture in the United
States it's such an important chapter of
our history the United States Canada um
Canaan
but it's a huge part of the history of
the world how the authorities themselves
became subverted by drug trafficking or
you could say how the authorities
subverted and co-opted the illegal drugs
Africanism my feeling today and looking
back on it is really a sense of betrayal
by academia itself I said on Twitter
today that you know one of the most
corrupting influences in our lives is
actually the attitude and the aesthetic
of the professional historian
professional historians are always
presenting us with this version of
history that's seemingly rational where
you know the progress of one event after
another seems to make sense but this
veneer of rationality is created through
constant dishonesty there's a kind of
moderate and ongoing manipulation of the
reader by the by the professional
historian and and that's what we get
used to I mean growing up as students
that's what we've come to expect and
then when you're confronted with a
jarring narrative like this billy jack
haynes telling you that he ended up
being employed by bill clinton
repeatedly to do dirty work that there
he is in a you know in a field by the
train tracks at night with this cocaine
shipment and two people end up getting
murdered and he was there being paid to
murder somebody else which ended up not
happening the whole dark sordid tale in
some ways I feel were conditioned by
professional historians to reject that
narrative because from that shallow
standpoint quote it doesn't make sense
and as I've gotten older it's not that
I've become more cynical I think I've
really become more detached and I think
I've developed more compassion like in a
really weird sense where I can simple
with the position Bill Clinton was in
there that Bill Clinton at that stage
was career Scott he's not really a
professional he doesn't really know what
he's doing he doesn't know I don't run a
drug operation he doesn't know he
doesn't know that in the future he's
gonna be elected for us the United
States none of that even occurs to that
you know he's this amateur working with
other amateurs and he's out of control
and you know my expectations of human
nature and of the progress of history in
general the Inglis stumbling of history
that we look back on and think of as
progress that for me has changed
profoundly if you're willing to look at
history with some detachment with some
compassion if you're willing to learn
new things about the history that you
probably live through yourself I'd
encourage you to click on the links
below this video here the new
perspective on the Clinton
administration that I think people are
still processing right now in 2019 for
the witnessed history Billy Jack AIDS